[Music]
hey guys I'm back with a new video and
if you want to achieve this local kind
of beat kind of wavy loose hair which is
funny must be shiny then stay tuned okay
I'm starting off with a blade ride head
that I just braid it out after I played
ride it say it wasn't like everywhere
just and then I'm sectioning my hand so
full I'm using my favorite clips then in
that full section I'm gonna separate my
hair into three pieces
I'm gonna then apply some time to shape
us are leaving conditioner to ensure my
hair is actually moisturized and is able
to take a new home then I'm gonna like
just hangul back with a wide tooth comb
and you really want to make sure you're
healthy tangled because otherwise how
will be complete frizz support the next
day then I'm using these pink send me
rollers and I'm securing the ends of my
hair quite tight by just ensuring it's
tight and then I'm gonna go and spiral
my actual hair onto the been derailleur
to give it a much more defined look that
I was securing the bendy very local
flexi rod at the top and boom and this
is for anyone who has like short hand
the perimeter what I did was I secured
at the base and then I continued to do
what I did before like spiral my hair on
it and then as usual I'd secure at the
top and the bottom of Burnley Marilla
this is the morning after now I'd like
to do some makeup on and I'm just take
taking a great care to remove the flexi
rod and then I'm just surprised okay for
my hand to prevent frizz and I'm
actually just loosening up the curls by
separating it where it actually would
fall
so I'm really trying to help make prints
but you know if you get a couple of
friends it's not that bad
[Music]
now I'm just gonna fluff my hair and I'm
gonna pick up my feet using a wide tooth
comb and then I'm really gonna fluff it
some follow you I didn't eat the
majority district car and now it's gonna
give me some action some smiles it's
entire banks so I'm not I'm taking I'm
gonna give you myself guys I've no
immortal in any way shape or form say
mine is you can see mine is also really
shiny loose and really pretty and I
really enjoyed this look I had a lot of
fun making this video and I was so
excited as you can see by me to speak
crazy
say that's it guys thank you so much for
watching and I hope you have a great day
all right
[Music]